1. Can you explain what programming is in simple terms?
:: Basically Programming is Giving Commands to the computer, so computer only know binary
   language, so we use a programming language that both can understand (also language does not understand the syntax but the from the behind the scenes it does)

2. What is an algorithm, and why is it important in software development?
:: Algorithms are basically a group of tasks (steps) when doing a Big Task, 2 or more tasks connected to each other
   As a example when we want to cook rice, we have group of steps to complete...

3. What is the difference between a compiler and an interpreter?
:: Compiler is Translate our whole Code into a Machine code before running it - like before reading a book we print the whole book into our understandable language and read it,
   but the Interpreter is Converting line by line while running - like while reading a english book we translate it into Sinhala line by lines

4. What is a variable and how does memory allocation work for it?
:: A Variable is simply holding a memory location of variable value, so it is like a home address - itself its not a value,
   but its helps to label the value, so we can easily use the value that holding,
   in memory it is on the Stack or Heap, is the variable is a primitive data type, it is in the STACK memory in the RAM
   or if its a Non Primitive like objects arrays or dynamic value, it is storing on the HEAP memory.

5. What are primitive data types? Can you give examples?
:: Primitive Data Types are storing only one piece value at a time, so those types are come from the language,
   in java there giving us, byte,int,float,double,boolean

6. What is type casting and when would you use it?
:: Type casting is using when we want to change the type of a primitive data type after it already assigned to another type
   so here are two type of castings, Narrow casting,Wider Casting - in narrow cast We are downgrade our data type, in wider cast we are upgrade our data type,
   like we want to convert our double data into a integer, and widening is like convert int into a double.

7. What is the difference between static typing and dynamic typing?
:: Static typing is : the types are checking while the compile time, so types must be fixed type, types cannot be changed
   Dynamic typing is : the types are checking while the runtime, so in the runtime interpreter decides it

8.